welcome to the eighth class of
guitar guitar peace and point is in
this class we will learn to harmonize two
guitar lines well for
start we'll take a simple melody
to make him in this case we will make a
third to start then we're going to
catch the n laterality of C major
and it will be simply two reis me
the three notes that this voice will have
tonic
then the third voice would be the third
notes of these notes that we just
say of the pain and that in the case of two
because the third of two would be a thousand
in the case of networks he was a fan and in
the case of me would be a sun
ah
all right
well then this city about the tonic and
the third one now we see the tonic and the
fifth the tonic as a novelist before
with the fifths of these notes would be
I understand it would be just subtract and
misery yes
s
Well now we see the example of the fact
do not
up to this source
m
the trick to harmonize a line of
guitar only consists of doing the
third with the fifth of the note that
we want to harmonize if we are in
tonalities do major and we want
harmonize two the third would be me and the
fifth would be sun but if we were in
finger minor finger the third no longer
it would be me and I would have started holding and
it would only be maintained because the fifths did not
change whether the record is greater
consumer or change and now I will put a
example of this resource applying super
vocation the song is the trooper of the
iron band maiden and here what is
doing is a harmonization with a
third is to say the main guitar
would give on the tonic note of the melody and
the second guitar would do the third voice
so nothing inside video
i
and up to here the eighth guitar class
of the point drama is this resource and
nothing else